And now if you'll remain standing, we will do the famous one, Cwmrwnda.
Before I do the Welsh words with this, if you've enjoyed singing today, you need to come to our Gwmrwnda on April 23rd at Lake City Presbyterian Church
where you can have a whole afternoon of singing, as much as you want.
Cwmrwnda, of course, the favourite.
Eard, of course.
Ddell a gorweddh yn a beddh.
Hóll a lliog. Hóll a lliog.
Adiw rin am coed i'r lan.
Let's do the Welsh verse first, and then we'll do the English verse.
And I wouldn't be surprised if we go back to the chorus in the last, so watch out.
Hóll a lliog. Hóll a lliog.
Adiw rin am coed i'r lan.
Now the English.
Guide me, O, the great Jehovah.
Fill broom through this barren land.
Fill them with the Thou art mighty.
Hold me with Thy powerful hand.
Strong deliverer, strong deliverer.
Be light to my strength and shield.
Be the deep, mild, great and shield.
Strong deliverer, strong deliverer.
Be that to my strength and shield.
Very nice. Thank you.
I wish to say thank you to all those who took part in this program.
We are always so happy to have it, and always so happy to hear from you people and see you people.
We will now have an invitation to our key by our president, Martha Smith.
Before I introduce the key, I would like to say thank you to all the jacks and jacks who took part in this program.
We are always thankful for all the jacks and jacks who took part in this program.
And all of you, thank you.